= Downbox    

Copyright (c) 2010 Mridang Agarwalla

Downbox is a small tray application that runs in your system tray, monitors your "Downloads" directory and automatically organises downloded media such as music and movies by renaming them, adding metadata, adding subtitles and creating playlists.

== Builiding

Follow these steps for initiating a build:

1. From the command line, change into the application directory
2. Download and place any applicationdependencies in the "lib" folder
3. To start the build process, type "ant compile".

When the build is finished, there may be several resulting directories:

* tmp: Directory containing the newly compiled files
* jar: Directory containing the newly compiled files packaged in the a JAR
* bin: Directory containing the executable binary

It's also possible to run various parts of the build separately. For a list of 
available targets, type "ant" on the command line. Here are few examples:

* Run "ant clean" to clean out all the build files
* Run "ant package" to build an executable

Note: Please ensure that all the Ant dependencies are fulfilled and that your are using the JDK SE 7.

== Usage

In order to run the application, simply run the executable. 

I recommend building the full installer and using the installer to install into the right location. If you do not wish to build the installer, please create a folder soemwhere on your system and copy the contents of the bin folder into it.

== Dependencies

In order to compile the application from source, you will need the follwoing libraries:

* SWT
* Apache Commong Logging
* Apache Commons Lang
* Junrar
* Javalution
* Apache XML-RPC
* Jsoup


You will also need to need to fulfil the following Ant dependencies:

* Launch4j should be installed, in the path, and installed as an Ant task. It can be found at http://launch4j.sourceforge.net/
* The Ant-Contrib antlets should be installed. They can be found at http://ant-contrib.sourceforge.net/.

== Configuration

None

== TODO

* Show a little error cross mark when there's low disk space or no network connectivity
* Add support for Linux
* Add support for TV Shows and Games
* Adding a file explorer context menu item to invoke Downbox manually for a directory
* Support for modifying the settings

This is beta software. Several things are on the todo list. if you'd like to see
a new feature, please help by contributing.

== Contributing

Pull requests will be ignored if they don't follow the Git convention of
a 50 character or less subject and optional paragraphs wrapped to 72
characters.

If I provide you with feedback on your pull request, generally you should
squash your changes into the previous commit when submitting a second request.

== License

This program is released under the GNU GPL.

== Contact

Feel free to request new features or provide bug reports.
You can find my email address here.

== Disclaimer

No warranties, expressed or implied.
